>> Stephen: PLEASE WELCOME RICKY
GERVAIS.
♪ ♪ ♪
( APPLAUSE )
>> HELLO.
>> Stephen: HELLO.
>> HI.
>> Stephen: PEOPLE ARE VERY
EXCITED TO SEE YOU.
YOU GOT A STANDING OVATION.
NOT EVERYBODY GETS THAT
>> I'M VERY EXCITED TO SEE THEM.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU FOR THE
ARM YANK OVER THERE.
DOES THAT NOT TELL YOU
EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP?
>> OOOH!
( LAUGHTER )
I WASN'T POLITICAL TILL ABOUT
SIX MONTHS AGO.
I WASN'T INTERESTED IN POLITICS.
BUT NOW I'M JUST FASCINATED.
LET'S NOT TALK ABOUT HIM THOUGH.
>> Stephen: THAT'S FINE.
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOU.
YOU'RE MORE INTERESTING.
>> I'M NOT.
THAT'S THE-- IT'S JUST--
( LAUGHTER )
HE IS FASCINATING-- WELL, HE'S
GOT MORE IN COMMON WITH DAVID
BRENT THAN SOMEONE LIKE J.F.K.
DAVID BRENT WANTS TO BE FAMOUS
AND LOVED AND HE'D DO ANYTHING--
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
>> Stephen: HE SEEMS VERY
FRAGILE.
>> BUT DAVID BRENT IS SORT OF
LIKE AN OLD-- THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN "THE OFFICE" AND THIS
MOVIE, IS THE WORLD HAS CHANGED
IN 15 YEARS.
IT'S MUCH HARSHER, AND SO BACK
THEN, DAVID BRENT SEEMED LEAK A
BIT OF AN IDEA AND HE WAS LIKE A
NARCISSIST.
IT WAS ON A REALITY SHOW.
BUT BY TODAY'S STANDARDS, HE'S
NOT THAT BAD BECAUSE THERE'S A
NEW-- DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
THERE'S A NEW FAME, THERE'S A
NEW-- PEOPLE DO ANYTHING TO BE
FAMOUS.
THEY WOULD DO ANYTHING TO BE
AND WE'VE HAD THINGS LIKE "THE
APPRENTICE" WHERE PEOPLE GET ON
IT BY SAYING, "I WOULD DESTROY
ANYONE WHO STANDS IN MY WAY."
THERE IS A NEW SORT OF ALPHA MAN
OUT THERE.
IT'S QUITE SAD.
>> Stephen: DAVID BRENT IS AN
ALPHA MALE?
>> NO, HE'S NOT.
>> Stephen: HE WANTS TO SEEM
LIKE AN ALPHA MALE.
>> HE SEEMS A BIT HELPLESS
BECAUSE HE'S 55 DISPP NOW HE'S A
TAMPON REP, AND HE WANTS TO BE A
ROCK STAR LIKE EVERYONE DOES,
AND HE'S HEMORRHAGING CASH AND
HE PUTS A BAND TOGETHER AND HE
GOES ON THE ROAD.
AND IT'S REALLY TRAGIC.
BUT HE JUST WANTS TO BE LOVED,
DEEP DOWN, JUST LIKE DONALD
TRUMP.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen:, YOU KNOW, I THINK
SO, TOO.
I THINK THAT'S WHY HE'S YANKING
MERRICK GARLAND INTO THE PHOTO,
STAND NEXT TO ME.
>> HE GOES ON TWITTER AND SAYS
THINGS LIKE, "EVERYONE LOVES ME.
I WAS THE BEST."
HE'S LIKE A 10-YEAR-OLD.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
>> Stephen: YEAH, YEAH.
>> IT'S CRAZY.
>> Stephen: THE 10-YEAR-OLD
WITH THE LAUNCH CODES.
>> THAT'S THE WORRYING THING,
ISN'T IT?
HE HAS GOT THOSE, HASN'T HE?
MAYBE THEY'VE GIVEN HIM FAKE
ONES.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
( CHEERS )
THEY MUST HAVE.
>> Stephen: JUST A BIG-- THEY
JUST-- JUST A BIG SHINY RED
BUTTON THAT'S ATTACHED TO
NOTHING.
>> THERE'S TWO.
THERE'S A SHINY RED BUTTON AND
THERE'S A BLUE BOTON, AND ONE'S
FOR PIZZA LIKE THAT AND THE
OTHER ONE DOESN'T REALLY WORK.
>> Stephen: SPEAK OF PEOPLE--
>> YOU JUST BLEW UP CHINA,
MR. TRUMP.
"GOOD, GOOD."
AND HE THINKS HE'S DOING ALL
THIS STUFF BUT HE ISN'T REALLY.
THAT WOULD BE GOOD.
>> Stephen: THAT WOULD BE
NICE.
THAT WOULD BE NICE.
IT'S NOT TRUE, BUT IT WOULD BE
NICE.
NOW, SPEAKING OF PEOPLE WHO WANT
TO BE ROCK STARS, SOME PEOPLE
OUT THERE MAY ALREADY KNOW
THIS-- MAY I SHOW THIS?
>> SURE.
>> Stephen: THIS IS A PICTURE
OF YOU-- HOW LONG AGO?
1983.
OKAY.
( WHISTLE )
THIS IS YOU AND A GUY NAMED BILL
McCRAE IN A BAND CALLED SHAWNA
DANCING.
IT WAS AN ACTUAL BAND.
>> IT WAS AN ACTUAL BAND.
>> Stephen: DID YOU HAVE A
HIT?
>> NO, NEARLY.
IT WAS NOON 83-- I'M A FINE OLD
ROCK STAR.
THANKS FOR BRINGING IT UP.
BUT IT'S 30 YEARS AGO.
THIS THING ONLY COMES OUT NOW
BECAUSE I'M FAMOUS FOR SOMETHING
ELSE.
AND THEY BRING IT OUT AND GO,
"LOOK AT YOU."
PEOPLE THINK I'M EMBARRASSED
ABOUT HOW I LOOKED THEN.
I AM EXWARLSED HOW I LOOK NOW.
>> Stephen: I DIDN'T BRING
TOUT TO EMBARRASS YOU.
THIS STH WHO DAVID BRENT THINKS
HE IS?
>> DAVID BRENT-- NO, WE DIDN'T
MAKE IT.
WE RELEASE AID FEW SINGERS AND
THEN A GOT AN A NORMAL JOB IN AN
OFFICE FOR 10 YEARS WHICH IS
WHAT "THE OFFICE" IS BASED ON.
YOU USE ALL EXPERIENCES, GOOD
AND BAD PICHES AID FAIL
MUSICIAN, SO I FUSED THE TWO.
THERE WERE THINGS THAT HAPPENED
IN THE FILM THAT HAPPENED TO ME.
I REMEMBER IN 1985, WE DID A
GIG, AND WE DID THE SOUND CHECK,
AND THE GUY SAID, "YOU MIGHT AS
WELL STAY UP THERE, BECAUSE
YOU'RE ON NOW."
AND I SAID, "WHEN ARE THEY
OPENING THE DOORS TO LET PEOPLE
IN?"
THEY SAID, "THEY'RE OPEN.
NO ONE'S COME THROUGH TO SEE
YOU."
I SAID, "OH, LET'S TREAT IT LIKE
A FREE REHEARSAL."
AND WE JUST PLAYED 10 SONGS TO
NO ONE.
IT WAS ANSWER ZEN.
BUT YOU TAKE THOSE WITH YOU.
AND IN THE FILM, OBVIOUSLY,
DAVID BRENT, HE'S HIRED THESE
VENUES AND HE'S TRYING TO GET
PEOPLE TO COME BUT IT'S QUITE
SAD THIS FILM.
BUT IT'S FUNNY.
IT'S REALLY FUN NEA TRAGIC WAY.
>> Stephen: IT'S COMPLETELY
FUNNY.
>> THERE'S NOTHING FUNNIER THAN
MIDDLE-AGED MEN TRYING TO BE
COOL.
I JUST SAW YOU DANGS AND IT
WAS-- HONESTLY.
>> Stephen: I WAS TRYING MY
HARDEST.
I WAS TRYING MY HARDEST.
>> YOU DREAMED OF BEING A
DANCER, DON'T YOU.
>> Stephen: A LITTLE BIT.
>> IT LOOKS LIKE ONE OF THE
MUPPETS HAVING A GO.
>> Stephen: IF ONLY, IF ONLY I
COULD HAVE SOMEONE'S HAND UP MY
ASS MAKING ME DO THAT.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> TONIGHT, STEPHEN.
( LAUGHTER )
YOUR DREAM HAS COME TRUE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: SPEAK OF--
SPEAKING OF WHICH, THIS IS KIND
OF LIKE IT, YOU-- YOU DO MANAGE
TO GET PEOPLE UPSET AT YOU,
SOMETIMES.
YOU SAID THERE WAS NO SOCIAL
MEDIA WHEN DAVID BRENT WAS
AROUND THE FIRST TIME.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: BUT YOU GO ON
SOCIAL MEDIA OR AT LEAST GET
ATTACKED ON SOCIAL MEDIA
SOMETIMES.
WE HEARD ABOUT THIS.
WE ASKED YOU TO-- MAY I SHOW
THIS?
>> YEAH.
BECAUSE-- CAN I READ IT?
CAN I INTERESTED FIRST?
>> Stephen: WHAT IS THE STORY
BEHIND THIS PARTICULAR TWEET?
>> SO I GO ON SOCIAL MEDIA, AND
I LIKE TO-- I LIKE TO TALK ABOUT
SCIENCE AND STUFF, AND SOMETIMES
FACTS ANNOY PEOPLE.
( LAUGHTER )
AND THE FACTS-- PEOPLE,
CREATIONISTS WHO BELIEVE THE
EARTH IS, LIKE, 5,000 YEARS OLD.
>> Stephen: 6,000 YEARS OLD.
>> SORRY, SORRY, MY BAD.
RIGHT.
( LAUGHTER )
I LIKE TO SAY THINGS LIKE,
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY EARTH, 4.6
BILLION YEARS OLD TODAY."
SO THIS GUY CAME OUT-- IT'S A
GENTLEMAN-- I LOOKED AT HIS
OTHER TWEETS.
HE'S A GENTLEMAN FROM TEXAS.
I WON'T SAY HIS NAME.
HE'S BEEN EMBARRASSED ENOUGH
I JUST RETWEETED IT.
AND HE GOT VERY, VERY ANGRY.
YOU COULD SEE HE WAS MAD BECAUSE
IT'S ALL IN CAPITALS.
EVERYONE-- MAD PEOPLE --
>> Stephen: IT'S WRITTEN ON
THE BACK SO PEOPLE CAN SEE.
CAN WE DO THIS?
>> SURE SO-- LET ME READ IT.
I-- I-- I WANT YOU TO SAVOR IT.
OKAY, OKAY.
"YOUR SCIENCE" MY SCIENCE AND
SCIENCE IS SPELL SCIENTS,
SCIENCE, LIKE IT'S THE PLURAL OF
SCIENT.
YOUR SCIENCE WOWNT HELP YOU,
HE'S TEXTING UP TO A SATELLITE
DID&DOWN TO ME SO IT'S SORT OF
HELPING HIM.
"YOUR SCIENCE WON'T HELP YOU
WHEN SATAN--," OF COURSE, HE
BELIEVES IN SATAN.
WHY WOULDN'T HE?
HE BELIEVES GOD MADE THE EARTH
IN SIX DAYS.
DO YOU BELIEVE IN SATAN?
NO, THAT'S A BIG IRRATIONAL, YOU
KNOW.
SO HE BELIEVES IN SATAN, RIGHT.
"YOUR SCIENCE WON'T HELP YOU
WHEN SATAN IS RAPING YOUR
BRITISH ASS."
HE'S GOT A POINT.
BECAUSE IF I-- NO, HE HAS-- HE
HAS GOT A POINT.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: UH-HUH, UH-HUH.
>> BECAUSE IF I DIE AND I FIND
MYSELF IN HELL BEING RAPED BY
SATAN, SCIENCE IS PRETTY MUCH
LET ME DOWN.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THAT'S TRUE.
THAT'S VERY OPEN MINDED OF YOU.
>> YES.
BUT THIS IS-- SO, SO THIS IS MY
FAVORITE BIT.
"YOUR SCIENCE WON'T HELP YOU
WHEN SATAN IS RAPING YOUR
BRITISH ASS.
I'LL BE LAUGHING."
SO THIS SILLY (BLEEP) IS THERE,
TOO!
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
HE'S THERE!
SO HE'S-- HE'S-- HE'S A
FUNDAMENTALIST CREATIONIST WHO
HAS LIVED HIS LIFE BY THE OLD
TESTAMENT.
HEIDIZE.
HE GOES-- HE FINDS HIMSELF IN
HELL.
HE SEES ME BEING RAPED AND HE
GOES HA!
AND IT CHEERS HIM UP.
LIKE, HE'S OVER IT ALREADY.
>> Stephen: THAT'S A
COMPLIMENT BECAUSE YOU'RE A
COMEDIAN.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY MAKING SOMEONE
LAUGH IN HELL.
>> I'M AN ABILITYIST COMEDIAN.
LIKE SATAN WOULDN'T THROW ME
ASIDE AND BE WITH THE CHRISTIAN
IF HE FOUND HIM IN HELL.
THAT WOULD BE SATAN'S BEST DAY
EVER.
HE WOULDN'T BOTHER WITH ME
ANYMORE.
UNBELIEVABLE.
THAT'S WHY IT'S MY FAVORITE
TWEET.
AND ALL IT WAS RETWEETING IT.
>> Stephen: YOU SAID-- WHEN
YOU RETWEETED YOU SAID, "I
BELIEVE THIS TWEET SHOULD GET A
KNIGHTHOOD."
>> I DID, YES, I DID.
>> Stephen: I WANT TO TALK
MORE ABOUT THAT WHEN WE COME
BACK.
WE HAVE TO TAKE A LITTLE BREAK
RIGHT HERE.
STICK AROUND.
WE HAVE MORE RICKY GERVAIS.